So after adding the sign up page and The Last Lecture Let's now at the sign in page.
Now the sign in page is really simple to add.
I will basically copy the content from the sign up HVM else file and added in the template of the signed
in file of design page and that is why I was mentioning that you could of course also tried to combine
it both into one page.
But again I decided to separate it because we will have some tiny differences.
And I really want to make clear that we have two distinct pages here.
So with this I'll leave the menu.
I will change it to sign in here of course.
And then the form is generally all right I'll change this method name to on sign in or change the button
down there to say sign and I'll remove demen length validator you could leave it on the password but
for signing in I don't care about this because I will check if the password is the same as stored on
the server anyways so it doesn't matter if it's too short.
If it's not the same one I'm not getting access any ways.
So with this this form looks all right to me should be usable.
Let's now go to the component here to the components of two types of file get rid of all the unnecessary
boilerplate and that the on sign and method.
Again where I know I'll get an entry form at import at a lower forms and then again log for that value.
So it was super simple I guess.
Let's now try this out and run and or see this in our running application.
If I load the sign in page year add any data.
Of course it won't work because we haven't added any back end logic yet.
Click sign in resubmitting just you.
So with that we added both components we now have everything we need to start working on the actual
Sign-Up logic and on our back and I'll start with all of that in the next lecture.